Miss Wan'er
Why don't you want to marry?
Though I am the eldest daughter
I am not of Chen Dao's branch
My father was originally the Chen family head
After he passed from illness
Chen Dao took power
Not long after
My mother also passed from illness
The eldest branch
Only has me, a woman, left
Granduncle wants me to marry out
Simply to completely end the eldest branch
But granduncle
The more he wants me to leave
The Chen family's center of power
The more I refuse to go
Just like Prince of Ning
To Your Highness
He always looks down from above
Not believing a mere woman
Can truly turn things upside down
And I
Will show him otherwise